	Buatlah sebuah Game yang memungkinkan penggunanya
1. Daftar
2. Login
3. Membuka Backpack
4. Menemukan musuh (Bertualang) (Musuh memiliki serangan & darah yang berbeda (Minimal 2) )
5. Darah berkurang, darah bertambah, menambah item, mengurangi item
5. Menggunakan Item (Potion (Obat))
6. Logout

yang dibutuhkan : 
1. Class Player (Agar dapat membuat banyak akun)
2. Class Enemy (Agar dapat membuat banyak jenis musuh)
3. Class Backpack (Class ini menjadi atrribut di class player & turaunannya (Player mempunyai Backpack) 
4. Class turunan dari Player untuk membuat role (Magician dan Fighter )

Kreasikan sebaik mungkin namun semua ketentuan HARUS TERPENUHI !

Gunakan metode yang sudah dipelajari !
Khususnya (Object, inheritance & try and catch)

Great! It sounds like you have a clear idea of what you want to achieve with your program. To continue building it, you can follow these steps:

1. Create the Enemy class with attributes such as attack and health. You can also create different types of enemies by extending the Enemy class.

2. Create the Backpack class with attributes such as items and their quantity. This class will be an attribute of the Player class.

3. Create the Magician and Fighter classes by extending the Player class. These classes can have additional attributes and methods specific to their role.

4. Implement the register and login functionalities by taking input from the user and storing it in an appropriate data structure, such as a HashMap or ArrayList.

5. Implement the open backpack functionality by creating a method in the Player class that returns the Backpack object.

6. Implement the find enemies functionality by creating a method in the Enemy class that generates a random enemy with different attacks and health.

7. Implement the decrease and increase blood functionalities by creating methods in the Player and Enemy classes that modify the health attribute.

8. Implement the increase and decrease item functionalities by creating methods in the Backpack class that modify the quantity attribute of the item.

9. Implement the using items functionality by creating a method in the Backpack class that modifies the health attribute of the Player or Enemy class based on the type of item used.

10. Finally, implement the logout functionality by allowing the user to exit the program or go back to the login screen.

Remember to use inheritance and try-catch blocks wherever necessary to ensure efficient code and proper handling of errors.

Good luck with your project!